**Michigan’s Center for Educational Performance and Information (CEPI)** was the first to expand the CEDS Data Warehouse beyond EDFacts reporting with an emphasis on postsecondary enrollment. CEPI has done extensive work to enhance and expand the CEDS Data Warehouse, adding new dimensions and fact tables to meet multiple new use cases. They have also contributed to new element development within CEDS and expended their own resources using their development and database architecture staff to model the warehouse in the repository today. 

Before CEPI, the **Center for the Integration of IDEA Data (CIID)**, through a grant from the Office of Special Education, created the CEDS Data Warehouse with the development of **Generate**. Generate, an EDFacts reporting application, began by using the CEDS Integrated Data Store (IDS) to integrate data from multiple sources for EDFacts reporting but needed the ability to retrieve data quickly out of the system which prompted the first iteration of the CEDS Data Warehouse. For several years, under CIID through the Generate application, the CEDS Data Warehouse was field tested. The **Nevada Department of Education** was the pilot state for Generate and assisted in several iterations, updates, and enhancements to Generate. Their efforts, along with other states implementing Generate, helped the CIID team improve the CEDS Data Warehouse structure.

In the next few years, CEDS will continue to work with stakeholders to find ways to bring the community together. The CEDS team is excited to continue to partner with you, the community, in this new era. 
